hari:

As for the introduction, 

Hello, my name is Harishaanth Premadas and I work in the Administration sector making sure that Google forms, excel and classrooms are up and running for the classes before summer.

I also love the wildlife and love writing stories and poems, I guess you could say that it is my favourite pastime!


Jardine:

Jardine is a final year law student at the University of Oxford. Having been state-educated himself, he is passionate about helping other state school students achieve similar goals. He has observed the stark differences in opportunities and help provided to private school students, and so he is committed to helping bridge that gap.

jelani:

Jelani is a 3rd year law student at the University of Oxford. Having attended a comprehensive state school for secondary education, but then moving to a grammar school for sixth form, Jelani first became aware of the importance of specialist support and cultural capital in reaching Oxbridge. This awareness crystallised upon reaching Oxford. He therefore seeks to pass down his knowledge, and encourage others to do the same, so that state-schooled students have the cultural and educational capital needed to reach Oxbridge.

Jack:

Jack Barwell (born 5th January 2003) is a university student at Exeter University studying BA politics, having just finished his 2nd year. At Secondary school he set up his own debating competition with all the schools in his trust called the folio trust speaking challenge for year 6 and 7 pupils. After leaving his state school he founded the Charity Bridge the Gap to help state school kids get into top universities through teaching by Oxbridge students. He is the president of the organisation. At university he was speaker secretary and then chairman of the Exeter University debating society for 2 years, hosting debates with speakers such as Ann Widdecombe, Calvin Robinson and David Gauke. He then left the debating society over its refusal to stand up for free speech and set up his own society, Exeter University Speak Easy Society, which he is the President of and is forming a national speak easy movement. Jack has also run as a conservative council candidate in Mincinglake and Whipton in 2021 and now works part time as a parliamentary assistant for Selaine Saxby MP.

Emma:

Hi my name’s Emma and I study Philosophy, Politics and Economics and Oxford. Aside from being a tutor at Bridge the Gap, I am also a member of the school department, helping to broaden the size of our outreach programme

Dhanush:

Logan:
